jo people I sign up here again
a new comments back finally
I have to say yes again
Unfortunately, I was a week long now
put something out of action I was one
little bit sick could not really be good
I'll talk to him and he'll have a go
time out
by the way , who experienced something like that in advance
if I want to make my weekly nothing
or something else is the times should
on facebook or twitter with me
drop by the left are always in
the description
I think we can do some more
I would bring people to these pages
In any case, if you like me
would drop by
but of course it works now
fresh as I said it is still
not completely gone but it works again
and now come back videos and today
is it about easter eggs yes finally
again and there is something new in
battlefield 4
it's just a trifle but me
think it's worth mentioning and
though if you have the cd version of
battlefield 4 has that is the community
testament version it now somehow
then for premium players there should be
Always stay at Hainan resort
drop by because there is now one
maypole
Of course you can ask yourself now
why is there a May tree at the end of june?
that is a bit weird that can
I explain to you because the sweden where
since it is also established I say
celebrate the summer solstice and this
has in june the election now before some
days and closer are there
somehow so maypole on and celebrate that
that's just what they have now
made on my battlefield 4
I have to say the idea is pretty
cool I think as Swede finds
the much cooler we are in
our latitudes find that
probably a little something
should that be
but no matter I thought it was on everyone
worth a mention and now
Let's go to your favorite game
battlefield leyen yes I know that
opinion against very far apart it
Many have me in the comments
I think it stupid many
have also described they find it
really good and the interesting thing
I've read that many have said
First I found the game very nice
bad but then I have it
tried it and then it was
not so bad and I have to say
really do it yourself
impression of the game as a video
is not enough to judge
Just try it out and then
can you still say if hotline
good or bad is as I said in the
In the autumn there will only be an open beta
give all the platforms and I think
there will be everyone the opportunity
get to try that
but we want to talk to easter today
I deal with eggs in hartheim
the game is not out yet and you
probably can not quite like that
I have a lot to say but I have
of course, as an essay can be one
bit wary in battlefield 4 gave
it is relatively many and cool the
Experts in the megalodon we had the
yeti evaluate the big ship's explosion
value the animal experts and everything goes
so on in hardliner or now
that does not interest me, of course
but no, do not worry, I know now
not the rest of the video about it
speculate because that would be nonsense
No I thought once I watch
give me a closer look at the beta
and see if I have a few hints
I can see how visual this is
the studio what lane now hard
developed on it is whether that too
again, it is funny whether such
things to pack up and I can
Immediately say I was not disappointed
I found some things
some are certainly easter eggs
some things are probably too
just a little bit with
interpreted by me they are
Maybe it's funny if you do it like that
does not look like I might also
you can decide for yourself
In any case, some are funny
things in it like I said some of them
surely the ex is some
guaranteed not but I thought I
sometimes you put everything here in this video
in and we catch here with the
restaurants in the middle of the
map and we have it here
once the twenty four seven noodle shop
and if you look like this
that is mandatory
funny is a joke but now
hey i think it's pretty good
Of course we also have the kamikaze
Sushi bad is not allowed either
absence
By the way, who does not know what?
kamikaze is he should absolutely
Googling but I guess that knows her
Of course, then we still have ourselves
some movie posters on the map the one
probably not so noticeable
if you only play on it I am
gone extreme spectator mode and got it
have a look what standing there for posters
and but some funny things while we
have for example once ghostface
okay that can mean anything now but
I think it could be an allusion
call of duty be great and that we on
any case really fun if it really
so if it's something else
it should not represent
I'm sorry now but I have
there's a little bit of the linkage
I say, I say
then we have a poster with the
dead rise and that reminds me
Of course, that's a bit of dead rising
or to the tv series the
walking dead that changes a bit
tuned
and now we have it very interesting
is we have a poster with the prince
of san francisco and that's guaranteed
an easter egg when we look at it
that is not unknown so maybe
it is already unknown but remains
not long unknown because that is the
executive producer of battlefield
Hotline and the guy actually means
Steve Papoutsis and I have to say that
name sounds so funny that me
someone had a tree because i had it
just did not get to the series
but I have to say it is really cool
that he himself in this, so to speak
You have to immortalize beta first
and that is definitely one
easter egg as I said of course
we also have other things we do
have here for example this
election poster where you naturally so wiest of
the deep sees and that has me
of course, just a little bit to the
Megalodon recalls maybe there is
elections
let's wait times from I rather think
not that he will play in the usa
and not in the ocean anyway
But let's just wait and see
Definitely a choice statue from
museum which I find quite cool the
sea ​​monsters have so show theirs
found space again
then we have this sandwich here
poster what i was especially celebrating was there
really dransteht the actual size
means to say as original size and that
whole is just clapped on the bus
that means of course you understand into
affordable I will not explain it now
I think in any case very funny and
then I could hardly believe my eyes
what i have yet seen one
megalodon oh well I do not know whether it
a megalodon is it could be too
White sharks are definitely if you are
Here you go in this bus
actually a poster of one
megalodon and of course I had to
there is also nena triumph and celebrating
I think that's an allusion
the big i steak from battlefield 4 me
I can not explain why
you miss this award
have packed and I think that has
I have to say something to do with it
all very cool and because so many
smaller things are already in the
beta I think that in hotline too
I expect a lot bigger
there will certainly be something we will see
yes, how better are they on
every time really fun on it
I'll say that and serious stuff in
the game for example this poster with
Of course, that's not the case with the sandwich
right heat stations I say
in real life this is really only in
Battlefield and I like that on everyone
very well and I hope he does
really pack up such things again
I think the first indications
We have found and there are
of course, a real easter egg
a something new a bigger though it is
is also still small and looks at you
check out the donuts in the police station
and then you can get the mascots
I read that here after my car
then you can go through this
all I listen again here in the video
Of course, I would like to take this opportunity
I look forward to a review, I hope so
whole has failed
My name is more quest and I am
out now and have fun with the donuts
by
it is all full
You see that